Posted by Calthor on 2017-04-08 13:30:12
Bronze Division: The Award Ceremony


7th place: Coven of the Mirrored Hall
Prestige Points Earned: +3 (and +0 Achiev.)

6th place: Norscan Curse
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +2 Achiev.)

5th place: Forsaken of the Pantheon
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +0 Achiev.)

4th place: Seven Samples of Decay
Prestige Points Earned: +9 (and +2 Achiev.)

3rd place: Tor Anroc Anglers
Prestige Points Earned: +13 (and +2 Achiev.)

2nd place: Flying Drop Bears
Prestige Points Earned: +17 (and +4 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Spartak Bolgasgrad
Prestige Points Earned: +20 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -1 from death of Iván Petróvitj Ptítsyn)



Bronze Excellence
Awarded to best players of Bronze division tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Norlir (Tor Anroc Anglers) (Completions)
- Falandar (Tor Anroc Anglers) (Touchdowns, Scoring Thrower)
- Joey Downy (Flying Drop Bears) (Interceptions)
- U. Gress (Norscan Curse) (Casualties)
- Alexander Tyler (Flying Drop Bears) (SPP)
- Michael Summer (Flying Drop Bears) (Fouls)


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Mosstail (Seven Samples of Decay)


Wasteland Warrior
Awarded to best players of the Chaos Wastelands Regionals – in this case reawarded. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Sean Whiterock (formerly known as Max Spleenripper (Seven Samples of Decay)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- U. Gress (Norscan Curse) (killed Iván Petróvitj Ptítsyn in match vs Spartak Bolgasgrad)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Hugo Hunter (Flying Drop Bears) (in match vs Coven of the Mirrored Hall)