Posted by Calthor on 2019-07-22 12:26:43


Year Five, Spring – Regional Award Ceremony – The Chaos Wastelands

6th place: Pleasure Killers
Prestige Points Earned: +0 (and +0 Achiev.)

5th place: Black Hearted Bloodseekers
Prestige Points Earned: +3 (and +0 Achiev.)

4th place: Coven of the Mirrored Hall
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death Bael, the Harbinger)

3rd place: Seekers of Transcendence
Prestige Points Earned: +12 (and +1 Achiev.)

2nd place: Gardeners of Nurgle
Prestige Points Earned: +16 (and +2 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Malignant Curators
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +2 Achiev.)

~


Crushing Victory
Awarded whenever a team scores at least 4 times, while the opponent scores no touchdowns at all. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team, but will 'decay' like normally earned Prestige Points. (Already added in calculations.)
- Gardeners of Nurgle (in match vs Black Hearted Bloodseekers)


Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Malarus (Gardeners of Nurgle) in match versus Black Hearted Bloodseekers


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Malarus (Gardeners of Nurgle)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Pantheon Bane (Malignant Curators) in match vs Coven of the Mirrored Hall (achievement already earned)


Wasteland Warrior
Awarded to best players of the Chaos Wastelands Regionals. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Vol'arth the Brazen (Coven of the Mirrored Hall) (Completions) (achievement already earned)
- Raus Juit (Malignant Curators) (Touchdowns) (achievement already earned)
- Pantheon Bane (Malignant Curators) (Casualties) (achievement already earned)
- Arsady the Hung (Malignant Curators) (SPP)
- Gert Stein
(Malignant Curators) (Fouls)
- Gottlieb Thälmann of Averland (Seekers of Transcendence) (Blocking Scorer)


Posted by Calthor on 2019-07-22 12:31:12
Edit: Malignant Curators earned 22 prestige points, not 7.