Posted by Calthor on 2018-03-22 13:01:33
Year Three, Summer – Grand Cathayan Exotic Creature Challenge



10th place: Oyxl Great Pyramid Heroes
Prestige Points Earned: +0 (and +0 Achiev.)

9th place: Crimson Fins
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +1 Achiev.)

8th place: Bear Clutchers
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +1 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death Dinkum Roo)

7th place: True Roots of Khaine
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +1 Achiev.)

6th place: Sport Spawning Zlatlan
Prestige Points Earned: +3 (and +0 Achiev.)

5th place: Beerbog Behemoths
Prestige Points Earned: +9 (and +4 Achiev.)

4th place: Shroomwood Attercops
Prestige Points Earned: +10 (and +1 Achiev.)

3rd place: Talsyn Tramplers
Prestige Points Earned: +12 (and +1 Achiev.)

2nd place: Thirteenth Circle Abominations
Prestige Points Earned: +14 (and +0 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Misty Isle Gators
Prestige Points Earned: +17 (and +1 Achiev.) (and -3 Achiev. due to death Biròq)


A Special Specimen Indeed
Awarded to best players of the Grand Cathayan Exotic Creature Challenge tournaments. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Moving Shadows (Shroomwood Attercops) (Touchdowns, SPP, Blocking Scorer)
- Vargwursgelnd (Beerbog Behemoths) (Casualties)
- Acurag (Talsyn Tramplers) (Fouls)
- Mutineer Morin (Crimson Fins) (Blocking Thrower, Triple)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- "Broken Tooth" Majalis (True Roots of Khaine) killed (by foul) Dinkum Roo in this match versus Bear Clutchers)
- Ximi Xili (Sport Spawning Zlatlan) killed (by foul) Biròq in this match versus Misty Isle Gators) (achievement earned posthumously)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Odracon The Procreator (Misty Isle Gators) in match vs True Roots of Khaine
- Gnorfmangph (Beerbog Behemoths) in match vs Sport Spawning Zlatlan
- Yarrah The Gray (Bear Clutchers) in match vs Thirteenth Circle Abominations
- Gwoftirbnewfg (Beerbog Behemoths) in match vs Shroomwood Attercops
- Vargwursgelnd (Beerbog Behemoths) in match vs Thirteenth Circle Abominations


Posted by Calthor on 2018-03-23 12:42:54
Apologies, this one was missed earlier.


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Gwoftirbnewfg (Beerbog Behemoths)