Posted by Calthor on 2017-08-09 12:28:52
Summer – Conjoined Blue Eagle II Award Ceremony


8th place: Slumbering Dragons
Prestige Points Earned: +0 (and +0 Achiev.)

7th place: Bigwood Tree Shmashaz
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +2 Achiev.)

6th place: Poshgit's Daredevils
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +0 Achiev.)

5th place: Stone Prince's Men
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +0 Achiev.)

4th place: Knightly Virtues
Prestige Points Earned: +9 (and +0 Achiev.)

3rd place: Way of the Dragon
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. from killed Gregor Gregorivich)

2nd place: Strigos Elită
Prestige Points Earned: +16 (and +5 Achiev.)

1st place (winners (group & combined)): Reik River Kicking Mules
Prestige Points Earned: +24 (and +4 Achiev.)


Blue Eagle Ascending
Awarded to best players of Conjoined Blue Eagle summer tournaments. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Harbert Kallath (Reik River Kicking Mules) (Completions)
- Adri Kallath (Reik River Kicking Mules) (Touchdowns)
- Jelena Zrinska (Strigos Elită) (Interceptions)
- Tardiproth Twikbreka (Bigwood Tree Shmashaz) (Casualties)
- Arnold "waists-breaker" Thacocroth (Reik River Kicking Mules) (SPP, Scoring Thrower, Blocking Thrower, Triple)
- Grigore (Strigos Elită) (Fouls)


Crushing Victory
Awarded whenever a team scores at least 4 times, while the opponent scores no touchdowns at all. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team, but will 'decay' like normally earned Prestige Points. (Already added in calculations.)
- Reik River Kicking Mules (in match vs Poshgit's Daredevils)


Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Adri Kallath (Reik River Kicking Mules) (in match vs Poshgit's Daredevils)


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Carol I (Strigos Elită)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Grigore (Strigos Elită) killed Gregor Gregorivich


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Carol I (Strigos Elită) in match vs Bigwood Tree Shmashaz)
- Tardiproth Twikbreka (Bigwood Tree Shmashaz) in match vs Way of the Dragon & match vs Stone Prince's Men