Posted by Calthor on 2017-08-10 21:02:14
Summer – CabalVision Invitational - Award Ceremony


12th place: True Roots of Khaine
Prestige Points Earned: +1 (and +3 Achiev.)

11th place: Red Crag Redcaps
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +0 Achiev.)

10th place: Grasparossa B.B.C
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +1 Achiev.)

9th place: Everlasting Vultures of Settra
Prestige Points Earned: +6 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -2 Achiev. due to deaths of Hil & Betekh)

8th place: Montetriste Noblemen
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +2 Achiev.)

7th place : Ninja Warriors
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +2 Achiev.) (and -6 Achiev. from retirement Brian Arnold, Joe Moravsky & Sam Sin)

6th place: Warhird Huscarls
Prestige Points Earned: +9 (and +0 Achiev.)

5th place: Bhubaneswar Rampage
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +0 Achiev.)

4th place: Malignant Curators
Prestige Points Earned: +12 (and +1 Achiev.)

3rd place: Nejaz Djinn
Prestige Points Earned: +14 (and +2 Achiev.)

2nd place: Tor Anroc Anglers
Prestige Points Earned: +15 (and +1 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Tower of the Necromancer
Prestige Points Earned: +19 (and +2 Achiev.)


CabalVision Rating Attraction
Awarded to best players of CabalVision Invitational summer tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Falandar (Tor Anroc Anglers) (Completions)
- Count Ludovig (Tower of the Necromancer) (Touchdowns)
- Hengest Hirn (Malignant Curators) (Casualties)
- Spilamberto (Grasparossa B.B.C) (SPP)
- Rubus the Drinker of Blood (True Roots of Khaine) (Fouls)
- Bernardo Suerte (Montetriste Noblemen) (Scoring Thrower)
- Saqr bin Zayed Al Nahyan (Nejaz Djinn) (Blocking Scorer)


Fame Killer
Awarded to player killing an induced Star Player. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Count Igor (Tower of the Necromancer) killed Flint Churnblade in match versus Warhird Huscarls



Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Count Ludovig (Tower of the Necromancer) (in match vs Warhird Huscarls) (already earned before)
- Kacy Catanzaro (Ninja Warriors) (in match vs Grasparossa B.B.C)



Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Tamid Boulos (Nejaz Djinn)


Super Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 76+ SPP. Player is recognized as a super star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Bernardo Suerte (Montetriste Noblemen)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Crepis of the Deep (True Roots of Khaine) killed Betekh
- Brian Arnold (Ninja Warriors ) killed Carlos Dosdaga


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Judge Juniperus (True Roots of Khaine) in match vs Nejaz Djinn)
- Miguel Gavilan (Montetriste Noblemen) in match vs Warhird Huscarls) (already earned before)
- Hengest Hirn (Malignant Curators) in match vs Nejaz Djinn)


Posted by Calthor on 2017-08-10 21:12:16
Correction:

4th place: Malignant Curators
Prestige Points Earned: +12 (and +2 Achiev.)


Posted by Calthor on 2017-08-10 21:17:44
Correction (different finishing places, and death of Dosdaga):

9th place: Montetriste Noblemen
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +2 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death of Carlos Dosdaga)

8th place: Everlasting Vultures of Settra
Prestige Points Earned: +6 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -2 Achiev. due to deaths of Hil & Betekh)