Posted by Calthor on 2018-02-01 11:56:35
Year Three, Spring – Regional Award Ceremony – Sylvania



4th place: Way of the Dragon
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +3 Achiev.)

3rd place: Offa's Hearthweru
Prestige Points Earned: +6 (and +0 Achiev.)

2nd place: Strigos Elită
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +2 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Tower of the Necromancer
Prestige Points Earned: +16 (and +2 Achiev.)


Blood for the Bloodline
Awarded to best players of the Sylvania Regionals. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Carol I (Strigos Elită) (Casualties, SPP)
- Andrei (Strigos Elită) (Fouls)


Fame Killer
Awarded to player killing an induced Star Player. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Draco Dracovich (Way of the Dragon) killed Wilhelm Chaney in match versus Offa’s Hearthweru


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Igor Igorivich (Way of the Dragon)
- Count Igor (Tower of the Necromancer)


Super Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 76+ SPP. Player is recognized as a super star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Draco Dracovich (Way of the Dragon)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Ladislao Celano (Tower of the Necromancer / Trianto Dragon Hawks) killed (with foul) Nightmaster Azhiskikk in this match versus Lords of the Silent Death) (This achievement is re-awarded, as Ladislao Celano still has this achievement post-mortem – this achievement should have been awarded before. Our apologies.


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Carol I (Strigos Elită) in match vs Way of the Dragon (achievement already earned)
- Draco Dracovich (Way of the Dragon) in match vs Offa's Hearthweru (achievement already earned)