Posted by Calthor on 2019-07-30 10:00:35


Year Five, Spring – Regional Award Ceremony – The Empire

6th place: Kordoberg's Herd
Prestige Points Earned: +0 (and +1 Achiev.)

5th place: Gipfel Blueleaves
Prestige Points Earned: +3 (and +0 Achiev.)

4th place: Reik River Kicking Mules
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to retirement Bruce Jamieson)

3rd place: Grasparossa B.B.C
Prestige Points Earned: +12 (and +1 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death Marano sul Panaro V)

2nd place: Congregation of Holy Touchdown
Prestige Points Earned: +17 (and +1 Achiev.)



1st place (winners): Cloven Clan
Prestige Points Earned: +20 (and +2 Achiev.)

~


Empire’s Fame/Infamy
Awarded to best players of the Empire Regionals. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Harbert Kallath (Reik River Kicking Mules) (Completions, Blocking Thrower) (achievement already earned)
- Berta "The Humble Daughter" (Congregation of Holy Touchdown) (Casualties) (achievement already earned)
- Fury the Meanotaur (Cloven Clan ) (SPP)
- The Bone Collector
- Modena (Grasparossa B.B.C) (Scoring Thrower) (achievement already earned)
- Hademar "cradle robber" Thacocroth (Reik River Kicking Mules) (Blocking Scorer) (achievement already earned)


Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Bestgor "The Vicious" (Cloven Clan) in match versus Gipfel Blueleaves


Mega Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 126+ SPP. Player is recognized as a mega star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Rosetta "Rose Thorn" (Congregation of Holy Touchdown)


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Formigine III (Grasparossa B.B.C)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Mager (Kordoberg’s Herd) killed Marano sul Panaro V in this match versus Grasparossa B.B.C)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Berta "The Humble Daughter" (Congregation of Holy Touchdown) in match vs Kordoberg’s Herd (achievement already earned)