Posted by Calthor on 2017-11-08 01:54:45
Autumn – Copper Division Inter-Regional Award Ceremony



7th place: Forsaken of the Pantheon
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +2 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to retirement Hathor Maat)

6th place: Modryn's Midnight Meddlers
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +0 Achiev.)

5th place: Pleasure Strings
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +2 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death Ginil Lustbringer)

4th place: Congregation of Holy Touchdown
Prestige Points Earned: +9 (and +1 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death Saint Helga "The Hammer")

3rd place: Misty Isle Gators
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (and +2 Achiev.)

2nd place: Grasparossa B.B.C
Prestige Points Earned: +14 (and +1 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Warhird Huscarls
Prestige Points Earned: +18 (and +1 Achiev.)



Copper Excellence
Awarded to best players of Copper division tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Biròq (Misty Isle Gators) (Touchdowns)
- Khalophis (Forsaken of the Pantheon) (Casualties)
- Berta "The Humble Daughter" (Congregation of Holy Touchdown) (SPP)
- Thirvelnosh Nightbinder (Pleasure Strings) (Blocking Thrower)
- Firthgest Thiodolfsson (Warhird Huscarls) (Blocking Scorer)


Fame Killer
Awarded to player killing an induced Star Player. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Robert Clumsystone (Pleasure Strings) killed Siggi ‘The Boot’ Schuster in match versus Grasparossa B.B.C Journeyman was never offered permanent place on team


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- MIstress of Lust (Pleasure Strings)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Biròq (Misty Isle Gators) killed Saint Helga "The Hammer" in match vs Congregation of Holy Touchdown
- Castelfranco Emilia (Grasparossa B.B.C) killed Ginil Lustbringer in match vs Pleasure Strings


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Skane (Forsaken of the Pantheon) in match vs Pleasure Strings