Posted by Calthor on 2018-11-03 11:51:15


Year Four, Summer – SCRIBBL Climax Qualifier III

8th place: Mahrak Maulers
Prestige Points Earned: +2 (and +1 Achiev.)

7th place: Court of Shu
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +1 Achiev.)

6th place: Clar Karond Black Widows
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -3 Achiev. due to death Darkvenom)

5th place: Leicheberg Lycans
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +0 Achiev.)

4th place: Bhubaneswar Rampage
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +4.5 Achiev.)

3rd place: Montetriste Noblemen
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (and +2 Achiev.)

2nd place: Coven of the Mirrored Hall
Prestige Points Earned: +16 (and +1.5 Achiev.)

1st place (winners & qualified for next Summer’s SCRIBBL Climax): Lords of the Silent Death
Prestige Points Earned: +22 (and +2.5 Achiev.)

~


SCRIBBL’s Outstanding Performance Achievement
Awarded to best players of one of the SCRIBBL Climax or SCRIBBL Climax Qualifier tournaments. Worth 1.5 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Vol'arth the Brazen (Coven of the Mirrored Hall) (Touchdowns, SPP)
- Vima Taktu (Bhubaneswar Rampage) (Fouls)
- Nightlord Nurgrin (Lords of the Silent Death) (Triple)


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Mos Passat (Court of Shu)
- Chhatrapati Shivaji (Bhubaneswar Rampage)
- Vicente Hierromano (Montetriste Noblemen)
- Nightlord Nurgrin (Lords of the Silent Death)


Super Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 76+ SPP. Player is recognized as a super star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Ghaggar-Hakra (Bhubaneswar Rampage)
- Javier Ladron (Montetriste Noblemen)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Vima Taktu (Bhubaneswar Rampage) killed Darkvenom in (this match versus Clar Karond Black Widows)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Remi (Mahrak Maulers) in match vs Clar Karond Black Widows