Posted by Calthor on 2017-08-10 17:04:22
Summer – Altdorf College Cup - Award Ceremonies


12th place: Norscan Curse
Prestige Points Earned: +0 (and +0 Achiev.)

11th place: Flying Drop Bears
Prestige Points Earned: +3 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -2 Achiev. due to retirement Michael Summer & death of Jackson Violet)

10th place: Misty Isle Gators
Prestige Points Earned: +6 (and +0 Achiev.)

9th place: Crimson Skull
Prestige Points Earned: +6 (and +2 Achiev.)

8th place: Settra's Goats
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +0 Achiev.)

7th place: Lords of the Silent Death
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +0 Achiev.)

6th place: Southland Scuttlers
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +2 Achiev.)

5th place: Pleasure Strings
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +1 Achiev.)

4th place: Grand Celestial Delegate
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (and +2 Achiev.)

3rd place: Nachthafen Nightlords
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (and +5 Achiev.)

2nd place: Dandaka Devas
Prestige Points Earned: +17 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -3 due to death Sun Eater)

1st place (winners): Secret Cult Of Shiamoto
Prestige Points Earned: +23 (and +4 Achiev.)


Altdorf College Honorary Graduate
Awarded to best players of Altdorf College Cup summer tournaments. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Jennevieve von Carstein (Nachthafen Nightlords) (Completions)
- After the Lotus Flowers Have Opened (Grand Celestial Delegate) (Touchdowns)
- Pieter von Carstein (Nachthafen Nightlords) (SPP)
- Saku (Secret Cult Of Shiamoto) (Fouls)
- Elize von Carstein (Nachthafen Nightlords) (Blocking Thrower)
- MIstress of Lust (Pleasure Strings) (Blocking Scorer)


Fame Killer
Awarded to player killing an induced Star Player. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Doomsday The Everliving (Crimson Skull) killed Lord Borak the Despoiler in match versus Pleasure Strings



Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Ronin Lethal Strike (Secret Cult Of Shiamoto)
- Ronin Headchopper (Secret Cult Of Shiamoto)
- Elize von Carstein (Nachthafen Nightlords)
- Pieter von Carstein (Nachthafen Nightlords)
- Zuberi the lazy (Southland Scuttlers)



Super Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 76+ SPP. Player is recognized as a super star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- After the Lotus Flowers Have Opened (Grand Celestial Delegate)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Ronin Lethal Strike (Secret Cult Of Shiamoto) killed Sun Eater
- Hadas (Southland Scuttlers) killed Jackson Violet


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Urifdaemonkin (Crimson Skull) in match vs Lords of the Silent Death)