Posted by Calthor on 2019-01-24 14:06:28
Year Four, Autumn – Granite Division



7th place: Ulthuan Barracudas
Prestige Points Earned: +0 (and +0 Achiev.)

6th place: Norscan Curse
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +3 Achiev.) (and -2 Achiev. due to death U. Gress)

5th place: Bordeleaux Chevaliers
Prestige Points Earned: +6 (and +0 Achiev.)

4th place: Haunted Forest Sons of Chaos
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +0 Achiev.)

3rd place: Gorthor's Prophets Of Mork
Prestige Points Earned: +15 (and +3 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death Toes Gouger)

2nd place: Serpent-Guards of Khalida
Prestige Points Earned: +17 (and +1 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Karak Azog Outlaws
Prestige Points Earned: +20 (and +4 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to retirement Kwitzikle Sparkvolt

~


Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Head Stompa (Gorthor's Prophets Of Mork) in match versus Norscan Curse
- Dizgot Boomfeet (Karak Azog Outlaws) in match versus Norscan Curse


Solid Foundation
Awarded to best players of Granite Division autumn tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- L.A. Gnora II (Norscan Curse) (Completions)
- Dizgot Boomfeet (Karak Azog Outlaws) (Touchdowns, SPP)
- Khahos the Crimson (Serpent-Guards of Khalida) (Fouls)
- Head Stompa (Gorthor's Prophets Of Mork) (Blocking Thrower, Triple)
- S. Sang (Norscan Curse) (Blocking Scorer)


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Dizgot Boomfeet (Karak Azog Outlaws)


Super Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 76+ SPP. Player is recognized as a super star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- L.A. Biond (Norscan Curse)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Mani Mad Cap (Karak Azog Outlaws) killed Toes Gouger in this match versus Gorthor's Prophets Of Mork)
- Anonymous Mercenary Realm Knight killed U. Gress in this match versus Norscan Curse)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Nose Smasher (Gorthor's Prophets Of Mork) in match vs Bordeleaux Chevaliers