Posted by Calthor on 2017-11-08 13:47:43
Autumn – Bronze Division Inter-Regional Award Ceremony



7th place: Norscan Curse
Prestige Points Earned: +0 (and +0 Achiev.)

6th place: Oyxl Great Pyramid Heroes
Prestige Points Earned: +3 (and +0 Achiev.)

5th place: Strigos Elită
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +3 Achiev.)

4th place: Settra's Goats
Prestige Points Earned: +10 (and +1 Achiev.)

3rd place: Blood-Ground Blackhorns
Prestige Points Earned: +16 (and +2 Achiev.)

2nd place: True Roots of Khaine
Prestige Points Earned: +19 (and +0 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Talsyn Tramplers
Prestige Points Earned: +21 (and +4 Achiev.)


Bronze Excellence
Awarded to best players of Bronze division tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Burggraf of Nuremberg (Strigos Elită) (Completions, Scoring Thrower)
- Carol I (Strigos Elită) (Casualties, SPP)
- Acurag (Talsyn Tramplers) (Fouls)
- Zukhaok Stonearm (Blood-Ground Blackhorns) (Blocking Thrower)
- Zizou Zannanza (Settra's Goats) (Blocking Scorer)


Fame Killer
Awarded to player killing an induced Star Player. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Acurag (Talsyn Tramplers) killed Gorlem Goreblade in match versus Blood-Ground Blackhorns


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Glicees (Talsyn Tramplers)
- Zhorthix Swiftfoot (Blood-Ground Blackhorns)


Super Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 76+ SPP. Player is recognized as a super star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Carol I (Strigos Elită)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Carol I (Strigos Elită) in match vs Oyxl Great Pyramid Heroes, match vs Norscan Curse & match vs True Roots of Khaine achievement already earned
- Rozatar (Talsyn Tramplers) in match vs Blood-Ground Blackhorns