Posted by Calthor on 2018-02-03 12:54:34
Year Three, Spring – Regional Award Ceremony – Ulthuan & Naggaroth



6th place: Dukes of Earthquake Valley
Prestige Points Earned: +0 (and +0 Achiev.)

5th place: Har Ganeth Ironspikes
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +1 Achiev.)

4th place: Masqueraded Magnificence
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +0 Achiev.)

3rd place: Doom Glade Demons
Prestige Points Earned: +12 (and +2 Achiev.)

2nd place: Clar Karond Black Widows
Prestige Points Earned: +17 (and +1 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Eye and Arrow
Prestige Points Earned: +23 (and +4 Achiev.)


Crushing Victory
Awarded whenever a team scores at least 4 times, while the opponent scores no touchdowns at all. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team, but will 'decay' like normally earned Prestige Points. (Already added in calculations.)
- Eye and Arrow (in match vs Dukes of Earthquake Valley)


Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Shinesa (Eye and Arrow) in match versus Clar Karond Black Widows & match versus Doom Glade Demons


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Cargavel Stormcrow (Doom Glade Demons)


Turn It Up To El(e)ven
Awarded to best players of the Sylvania Regionals. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Rasith Duskchill (Clar Karond Black Widows) (Completions)
- Shinesa (Eye and Arrow) (Touchdowns, SPP)
- Elpida (Eye and Arrow) (Interceptions, All-rounder))
- Lord Sawtooth (Har Ganeth Ironspikes) (Fouls)
- Cargavel Stormcrow (Doom Glade Demons) (Scoring Thrower)
- Shila Swiftdeath (Doom Glade Demons) (Blocking Scorer) (achievement awarded post-humously)
- Lydia (Eye and Arrow) (Triple)


Posted by Calthor on 2018-02-03 13:12:02
EDIT: Last post should of course have read: 'best players of the Ulthuan & Naggaroth Regionals' in the achievement.