Posted by Calthor on 2017-02-19 10:33:02
The Pearl Chalice: The Award Ceremony




6th place: Southland Scuttlers
Prestige Points Earned: +1

5th place: Pleasure Principle
Prestige Points Earned: +3 (and +1 Achiev.)

4th place: Nejaz Djinn
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +1 Achiev.)

3rd place: Trantio Dragon Hawks
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (which already includes Crushing Victory) (and -2 Achiev. from deceased player - RIP Zunrec Greatbone) (and +1 Achiev.)

2nd place: Grand Celestial Delegate
Prestige Points Earned: +16 (and +2 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Lords of the Silent Death
Prestige Points Earned: +23 (and +3 Achiev.)

STAR PLAYER

Rasta Tailspike
Skaven Mutant
150,000
Available to:
8 3 3 7
Loner, Catch, Extra Arms


Crushing Victory
Awarded whenever a team scores at least 4 times, while the opponent scores no touchdowns at all. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team, but will 'decay' like normally earned Prestige Points. (Already added in calculations.)
- Trantio Dragon Hawks (in match vs Pleasure Principle)


Lords of Balance (Pearl)
Awarded to best players of the Pearl Chalice tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Nightmaster Azhiskikk (Lords of the Silent Death)
- After the Lotus Flowers Have Opened (Grand Celestial Delegate)
- Grisnik the Blacktail (Lords of the Silent Death)
- Aethedi (Trantio Dragon Hawks)


Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Nightmaster Azhiskikk (in this match versus Grand Celestial Delegate)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Gathering Water-Chestnuts (Grand Celestial Delegate) (killed Zunrec Greatbone in this match versus Trantio Dragon Hawks)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Saqr bin Zayed Al Nahyan (Nejaz Djinn) (in this match versus Grand Celestial Delegate)
- Hulkdust (Pleasure Principle) (in this match versus Trianto Dragon Hawks)


Posted by Calthor on 2017-02-19 10:41:01
Dammit. Repost of that bit:

STAR PLAYER

Rasta Tailspike
Skaven Mutant
150,000
Available to: Lords of the Silent Death, Grand Celestial Delegate, Trianto Dragon Hawks)
8 3 3 7
Loner, Catch, Extra Arms