Posted by Calthor on 2019-07-21 18:59:13


Year Five, Spring – Regional Award Ceremony – Cathay and Nippon

5th place: Secret Cult Of Shiamoto
Prestige Points Earned: -10 (and +1 Achiev.) (and -2 Achiev. due to death Temple Guard Marble Water)

4th place: Northern Blood Fiends
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +0 Achiev.)

3rd place: Divine Sun
Prestige Points Earned: +9 (and +1 Achiev.)

2nd place: Lords of the Silent Death
Prestige Points Earned: +14 (and +1 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Grand Celestial Delegate
Prestige Points Earned: +17 (and +2 Achiev.) (and -4 Achiev. due to death Ten Thousand Paths)

~


Legend
Awarded to any player reaching 176+ SPP. Player is recognized as a legend of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- After the Lotus Flowers Have Opened (Grand Celestial Delegate)


Mega Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 126+ SPP. Player is recognized as a mega star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Ronin Four Finger Death Punch (Secret Cult of Shiamoto)


Oriental Aesthetics
Awarded to best players of the Cathay and Nippon Regionals. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- After the Lotus Flowers Have Opened (Grand Celestial Delegate) (Casualties, SPP) (achievement already earned)
- Gnaw the Books (Grand Celestial Delegate) (Fouls) (achievement already earned)
- Wild Herbs (Grand Celestial Delegate) (Triple)


Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 51+ SPP. Player is recognized as one of the absolute stars of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Nightmaster Vasquee (Lords of the Silent Death)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Unnamed Mercenary killed Temple Guard Marble Water in this match versus Secret Cult of Shiamoto)
- Wang Diloho (Divine Sun) killed Ten Thousand Paths in this match versus Grand Celestial Delegate)