Posted by Calthor on 2018-03-25 17:41:36
Year Three, Summer – Mushroom Scramble



8th place: Der Peaksblight Stealers
Prestige Points Earned: +3 (and +1 Achiev.)

7th place: Charace Charioteers
Prestige Points Earned: +4 (and +1 Achiev.)

6th place: Mordkin Headtakers
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +1 Achiev.)

5th place: Gardeners of Nurgle
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +1 Achiev.)

4th place: Seekers of Transcendence
Prestige Points Earned: +9 (and +0 Achiev.)

3rd place: Fangsnapper's Clawpack
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (and +0 Achiev.)

2nd place: Grim Queens
Prestige Points Earned: +15 (and +0 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Springbok Sprites
Prestige Points Earned: +22 (and +1 Achiev.)


Crushing Victory
Awarded whenever a team scores at least 4 times, while the opponent scores no touchdowns at all. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team, but will 'decay' like normally earned Prestige Points. (Already added in calculations.)
- Springbok Sprites (in match vs Der Peaksblight Stealers)
- Mordkin Headtakers (in match vs Der Peaksblight Stealers)


Magic Mushroom Muncher
Awarded to best players of the Mushroom Scramble tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Milendir (Charace Charioteers) (Completions)
- Bakeon (Springbok Sprites) (Touchdowns, SPP, Scoring Thrower, Blocking Thrower, Blocking Scorer, Triple)
- Epidemius (Gardeners of Nurgle) (Casualties)
- "Mean" Gobbo Green (Der Peaksblight Stealers) (Fouls)


Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Bakeon (Springbok Sprites) in match versus Der Peaksblight Stealers


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Prinkeez (Mordkin Headtakers) in match vs Charace Charioteers


Posted by Calthor on 2018-03-25 17:43:07
Edit: Should be Prestige Points Earned: +22 (and +2 Achiev.) for the Springbok Sprites.