Posted by Calthor on 2019-01-20 10:55:10
Year Four, Autumn – Cloth Division



7th place: Wisdom of Athel Woods
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +0 Achiev.)

6th place: Ragtag Animal Training Sartors
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +3 Achiev.)

5th place: Loren's Rebuke
Prestige Points Earned: +6 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death Chargtooth)

4th place: Ursun Throat Singers
Prestige Points Earned: +7 (and +0 Achiev.)

3rd place: Malefic Mimes
Prestige Points Earned: +13 (and +5.5 Achiev.)

2nd place: Ubersreik Scramblers
Prestige Points Earned: +16 (and +2 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Gal Duur Forge Iron Anvils
Prestige Points Earned: +18 (and +0 Achiev.)

~


Aerodynamic Aim
Awarded to player throwing 4+ completions in one match. Worth 1.5 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Roesia (Malefic Mimes) in match vs Gal Duur Forge Iron Anvils


Cloth Excellence
Awarded to best players of Cloth division tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Roesia (Malefic Mimes) (Completions)
- Girch Red Eyes (Ubersreik Scramblers) (Touchdowns, SPP)
- Toerot (Ragtag Animal Training Sartors) (Casualties)
- Aimee (Malefic Mimes) (Scoring Thrower)
- Naeva (Malefic Mimes) (Blocking Thrower, Triple)


Crushing Victory
Awarded whenever a team scores at least 4 times, while the opponent scores no touchdowns at all. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team, but will 'decay' like normally earned Prestige Points. (Already added in calculations.)
- Ubersreik Scramblers (in match vs Loren's Rebuke & in match vs Wisdom of Athel Woods)


Mean Scoring Machine
Awarded to player scoring 3+ touchdowns in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Girch Red Eyes (Ubersreik Scramblers) in match versus Loren's Rebuke & match versus Wisdom of Athel Woods


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Warpserker (Ragtag Animal Training Sartors) killed Chargtooth in this match versus Loren's Rebuke)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Toerot (Ragtag Animal Training Sartors) in match vs Ubersreik Scramblers
- Helewise (Malefic Mimes) in match vs Ubersreik Scramblers