Posted by Calthor on 2019-07-29 16:35:50


Year Five - Spring – Regional Award Ceremony: The Eastern Steppes and The Mountains of Mourn

5th place: Great Maw's Priests
Prestige Points Earned: +1 (and +0 Achiev.)

4th place: Gazbag's Hunters
Prestige Points Earned: +5 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to death Daverb)

3rd place: Horsemen of The Great Kurgan
Prestige Points Earned: +9 (and +0 Achiev.)

2nd place: Black Monolith Worshippers
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (and +5 Achiev.) (and -2 Achiev. due to retirement Khras the Enslaved)



1st place (winners): Haunted Forest Sons of Chaos
Prestige Points Earned: +15 (and +2 Achiev.)

~


Spill Blood and Rage On!
Awarded to best players of the Eastern Steppes and Mountains of Mourn Regionals. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Khras the Enslaved (Black Monolith Worshippers) (Completions) (achievement awarded post-retirement)
- Grath Telff (Haunted Forest Sons of Chaos) (Touchdowns)
- Frazsa Grimhand (Black Monolith Worshippers) (Casualties, SPP)


Super Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 76+ SPP. Player is recognized as a super star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Frazsa Grimhand (Black Monolith Worshippers)


Target Eliminated
Awarded when a player kills another player that has earned at least one Achievement worth at least 1 prestige point. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Frazsa Grimhand (Black Monolith Worshippers) killed Daverb in this match versus Gazbag’s Hunters)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Stonemuncher the Ancient (Black Monolith Worshippers) in match vs Great Maw’s Priests
- Piul Erff (Haunted Forest Sons of Chaos) in match vs Great Maw’s Priests
- Frazsa Grimhand (Black Monolith Worshippers) in match vs Horsemen of The Great Kurgan (achievement earned before)