Posted by Calthor on 2018-06-16 13:09:15
Year Three, Autumn – Marble Division



8th place: Norscan Curse
Prestige Points Earned: +2 (and +1 Achiev.) (and -2.5 Achiev. due to retirement L.A. Gnora)

7th place: Bear Clutchers
Prestige Points Earned: +6 (and +0 Achiev.)

6th place: Library of Indra
Prestige Points Earned: +8 (and +1 Achiev.)

5th place: Londinium's Lunatics
Prestige Points Earned: +10 (and +1 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to retirement Diviciacus)

4th place: Karak Kadrin Slayers
Prestige Points Earned: +11 (and +2 Achiev.)

3rd place: Gardeners of Nurgle
Prestige Points Earned: +15 (and +2 Achiev.)

2nd place: Leicheberg Lycans
Prestige Points Earned: +17 (and +0 Achiev.)

1st place (winners): Thirteenth Circle Abominations
Prestige Points Earned: +19 (and +0 Achiev.) (and -1 Achiev. due to retirement Grotslag)


Crushing Victory
Awarded whenever a team scores at least 4 times, while the opponent scores no touchdowns at all. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team, but will 'decay' like normally earned Prestige Points. (Already added in calculations.)
- Gardeners of Nurgle (in match vs Bear Clutchers)


Refined Excellence
Awarded to best players of Marble Division autumn tournament. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Watang (Library of Indra) (Completions)
- Cpt. Long Drong (Karak Kadrin Slayers) (Touchdowns)
- Gaius (Londinium's Lunatics) (Casualties)
- Syphidemis (Gardeners of Nurgle) (SPP, Blocking Scorer)
- Garalash (Gardeners of Nurgle) (Fouls)
- First Mate Morgrim Dallinsson (Karak Kadrin Slayers) (Scoring Thrower)


Super Star Player
Awarded to any player reaching 76+ SPP. Player is recognized as a super star of the league. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- S. Sang (Norscan Curse)


Triple X
Awarded to player hitting 3+ casualties in one match. Worth 1 Prestige Point to the team as long as that player is on the team.
- Diviciacus (Londinium’s Lunatics) in match vs Bear Clutchers (Achievement already earned, and player since retired)